README.md, before:

# Themis Chimney

Themis Chimney began as a project just for a landing page so people can view their product and services.  Themis wanted a online presence that contained their contact information for communication.  As time went on, they played with an idea of having their own application.  They would like to manage their projects, contractors, employees and employee time.  This is not the actual application that will be used in production.  I created this to show them how an application can organized their working environment.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
WSL 2.0
Ubuntu Distribution
Laravel
Sail
Jetstream
Livewire
Vapor / AWS

```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Windows
1. Download and install the following: 
> Docker Desktop
> WSL 2.0
> Ubuntu Distribution

2. Within Ubuntu, create a project using the Laravel Framework
3. Navigate into the project.

4. Install the following packages: 
> Sail/Docker.
> Jetstream/Livewire.
> Vapor

5. To configure Vapor, you must have an AWS account.

## Built With

* [Dropwizard](http://www.dropwizard.io/1.0.2/docs/) - The web framework used
* [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) - Dependency Management
* [ROME](https://rometools.github.io/rome/) - Used to generate RSS Feeds

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **David Lopez** - *Initial work* - [dlopez](https://github.com/dlopez)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Too everyone!

Commit message:

Updated README.md I replaced the built in template section with the actuat solutions that I built the project with.  I listed the names and links.

README.md, after:

# Themis Chimney

Themis Chimney began as a project just for a landing page so people can view their product and services.  Themis wanted a online presence that contained their contact information for communication.  As time went on, they played with an idea of having their own application.  They would like to manage their projects, contractors, employees and employee time.  This is not the actual application that will be used in production.  I created this to show them how an application can organized their working environment.

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
WSL 2.0
Ubuntu Distribution
Laravel
Sail
Jetstream
Livewire
Vapor / AWS

```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Windows
> Download and install the following: 
1. Docker Desktop
2. WSL 2.0
3. Ubuntu Distribution

> Within Ubuntu, create a project using the Laravel Framework
> Navigate into the project.

> Install the following packages: 
1. Sail/Docker
2. Jetstream/Livewire
3. Vapor

5. To configure Vapor, you must have an AWS account.

## Built With

* [WSL2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about) - Windows Subsystem Linux for Windows Users
* [Ubuntu](https://ubuntu.com/) -Ubuntu Distribution on Windows 11 Platform.
* [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) - Laravel-The PHP Framework for Web Artisans
* [Sail](https://laravel.com/docs/9.x/sail) - Laravel Sail is a light-weight command-line interface for interacting with Laravel's default Docker development environment.
* [Jetstream](https://jetstream.laravel.com/1.x/introduction.html) - Laravel Jetstream is a beautifully designed application starter kit for Laravel and provides the perfect starting point for your next Laravel application. 
* [Livewire](https://laravel-livewire.com/) - Livewire is a full-stack framework for Laravel
* [Vapor](https://docs.vapor.build/1.0/introduction.html) - Laravel Vapor is an auto-scaling, serverless deployment platform for Laravel, powered by AWS Lambda. 

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/b24679402957c63ec426) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/your/project/tags). 

## Authors

* **David Lopez** - *Initial work* - [dlopez](https://github.com/dlopez)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Too everyone!
